---
layout: default
published: false
title: About us
permalink: "/about-us.html"
---

## About Chessington Holidays 

### Who are we?
Chessington holidays offer amazing value Chessington World of Adventures break packages.
Every Chessington Holidays package includes:
<ul>
<li>Chessington tickets</li> 
<li>Your 2nd Day FREE</li>
<li>An overnight stay in a Resort hotel or nearby hotel</li>
</ul>

### Our partner hotels
You can choose from luxurious hotels complete with pools and spas, perfect for mum and dad to unwind after a hectic day at the park, budget-friendly hotels, ideal for families watching the pennies, or anything in-between. Here at Chessington Holidays we really do strive to offer packages suitable for every family. 

As a preferred Chessington World of Adventures partner we endeavour to bring you fun for all the family at the lowest possible price. We also offer the peace of mind that comes from booking your family adventure with an official Chessington World of Adventures provider. 

### Your booking
Our online booking system is protected by a secure server. The secure server software SSL (Secure Socket Layers) encrypts all data before it is sent to us, guaranteeing your privacy and online safety. You can tell our site is secure by the website address starts with https:// to show that you are definitely in a secure area. We also have a Firewall in place to protect our internal information from the Internet. 

Find out about our booking [terms and conditions](http://www.chessingtonholidays.co.uk/booking-terms-and-conditions.html) here. Please note: Chessington Holidays uses the merchant ID "HX SHORT BREAKS", and this will appear on your bank account statement once you have made your booking and payment has been taken from your account. 
